adding best offer to your listing
help1043||4144||adding best offer to your listing|| you can use best offer in fixed-price, classifieds, and ebay motors listings, but not when your,re selling through an auction. how to add best offer to your listings to add a best offer option to your listing: choose fixed price as your format within the selling details of the advanced listing form. if you,re using the quick listing tool, it,s under choose format and price . enter your buy it now price and under best offer , select let buyers make offers. choose whether you want to set up automatic responses to offers. complete the rest of your listing. tip when you,re working in the quick listing tool, you can change to the advanced listing form by selecting switch to advanced tool . how to accept a best offer when a buyer makes you a best offer, we,ll email you to let you know. you can also see any offers you,ve received in the my ebay active selling section and in seller hub within active listings with offers . after receiving an offer, you have 48 hours to choose how to respond. you can: accept the best offer and end the listing respond with counteroffer let the offer expire. this will happen automatically after 48 hours, or when the listing ends, whichever comes first. decline the offer how to make a counteroffer when you make a counteroffer, your response should be lower than the buy it now price, but higher than the offer you received. you can respond directly to the potential buyer from the message we send you letting you know about the buyer,s best offer. you might receive offers from multiple buyers, and making counteroffers to each is perfectly ok. each counteroffer expires after 48 hours, and whoever accepts your counteroffer first wins. automatic responses to best offer if you set up automatic responses in your listing, we can accept or decline a best offer for you, based on the price limits you select. buyers won,t know your limits, but the upper limit must be below your buy it now price. here,s how automatic responses work: when you get an offer at, or above, your upper limit, we automatically send an email to you and the buyer saying that you,ve accepted and the buyer should pay. when you get an offer below your lower limit, we automatically send an email to the buyer declining the offer. the buyer can submit a higher bid or you can send a counteroffer. buyers can make up to three offers per item in most categories. when you get an offer somewhere between your price limits, we,ll send you a message and you,ll have to decide how to respond. you can,t use automatic responses when: you,ve put an item on sale using the markdown manager tool in promotions manager . the buyer included additional terms in the offer that you,ll need to review first. the option doesn,t appear when you are creating your listing &ndash; not all categories allow for automatic responses.
