adding pictures to your listings
help1031||4148||adding pictures to your listings|| when you list an item for sale on ebay, you have to include at least one picture. the first picture you add, called the gallery photo, appears next to your item,s title in search results and is the main photo in your listing. you can add up to 12 pictures. we store copies of your photos on ebay and they,ll stay in your completed listings for up to 90 days. you can re-use them if you relist the item or create a new listing for something similar. how to add pictures to listings to add pictures to your listing, use the photo uploader in our listing forms. it,s sometimes also called the ebay picture manager. to upload photos from your computer: in your listing form, select add photos . browse to find the photos you want, they should be no more than 7mb each. to select more than one file, hold down the ctrl key (windows) or the command key (mac). you can rearrange the order once they,re uploaded. crop, rotate, and adjust brightness and contrast of the photo using the icons in the uploader preview, then select save . to copy photos from a web address: in your listing form, select add photos . select copy your photos from a web address . type the url where your photo is located. you can add more than one by selecting + add another . when you,ve added all the urls you need, select import to copy them into your listing. how to manage and replace photos you can adjust or replace photos by going to revise your item from either my ebay or seller hub. to delete or replace an uploaded photo : simply delete the existing photo, and upload a new one if needed. to replace a photo copied from a web address : you,ll need to use a new url for the replacement photo. change a gallery photo : find the photo you want to use as the gallery photo, and move it to the top left position. you can change gallery photos for auction listings as long as there are no bids on your item and more than 12 hours left in the auction. ebay photo tips here are some tips to ensure your pictures look their best for buyers: photos need to be at least 500 pixels on the longest side. to optimise for mobile, make your pictures 1600 pixels on the longest side. keep your images clean, with no text or borders, and use an uncluttered background. use watermarks sparingly and be sure they don,t distract from the item you,re listing. remember, you can,t use a catalogue or stock photo if you,re listing an item as used. tip in some categories, image quality isn,t as critical to a sale as others. items in vehicle parts &amp; accessories; cars, bikes, boats; books; and tickets may be exempt from some of the photo requirements. learn how to take great photos see ebay,s policy on pictures [missing link] problems when adding photos if you,re having trouble adding photos, make sure you,re using one of the accepted file formats (jpeg, png, gif, tiff, or bmp). also check each file size is no larger than 7mb each. if you,re copying from a web address, the photo can be 12mb. other tips that might help: use the latest version of the chrome, firefox, internet explorer, or safari web browsers. clear your browser,s cache (refer to the browser,s help section if you don,t know how). if you,re using pop-up blocking software on your browser, the photo uploader might not appear. try temporarily disabling pop-up blockers (refer to the browser,s help for instructions). make sure your image hasn,t expired or been archived. ebay stores pictures for 90 days.
