all about bidding
help1016||4003||all about bidding|| when you place a bid on an auction-style listing, enter the maximum amount you feel comfortable with and we,ll place bids up to that limit for you. we call this automatic bidding [link to 1114]. why am i blocked from bidding? sellers sometimes set requirements for potential buyers, based on their payment or postage preferences. for example, if you don,t have a paypal account, or you live in an area that the seller doesn,t post to, you may not be able to bid on their item.if that happens, you,ll see a message when trying to place a bid, asking you to contact the seller. let them know you,d like to bid, and they may change their requirements to allow you to take part. why did the item i was bidding on disappear? the seller may have had to end the listing early &ndash; although this is something we strongly discourage. or, if the seller breached one of our policies, we may have had to cancel the listing. why can,t i bid in my friend,s auction? it,s important to us that auctions are always fair and honest. sometimes a member who knows the seller &ndash; perhaps a family member or friend &ndash; bids on an item to drive up the price. this is known as shill bidding [link to 1731] and isn,t allowed on ebay. what is private bidding? sellers sometimes create private listings that keep bidders and the buyer anonymous, particularly when selling highly priced items or pharmaceutical products. there will be a note on these listings stating that they,re private, and that only the seller can see your username. where can i find my bidding history? your bidding history shows any items you,re currently bidding on, items you bid on but didn,t win, and any best offers you,ve made. to see your bid history, go to my ebay and select bids/offers . if you want to delete your bid history, tick the box next to items you want to remove and select delete . tip we,ll let you know if you,ve been outbid so you can decide if you want to increase your maximum bid. automatic bidding find out how automatic bidding can increase your chances of winning an auction. retract a bid if you,ve made a mistake, you can retract your bid in some situations. how to win auctions discover tips to give you the best chance of winning. [link to 1115] second chance offers if you missed out in an auction, sometimes the seller will give you another chance to get the item. reserve price everything you need to know about bidding on items with reserve prices.
