bidding policy
help1172||4225||bidding policy|| for buyers, when you bid on an item, you,re agreeing to buy the item at your bid price if you win. for sellers, we want everyone to have a fair chance of winning your items at auction, and make sure you get paid on time. before you bid, buy or list in an auction, read through our full policy below. frequently asked questions what do i need to do before i start bidding? before you get started, update your contact information [link to 1031] so sellers can get in touch with you if necessary. then, read the item description carefully and, if you,re willing to complete the sale if you win the auction, place your bid. what should i do if i accidently enter the wrong amount in a bid? if you enter the wrong amount by mistake, you can retract your bid [link to 1732] when your bid is retracted, you can bid the amount you intended to. can i bid on my own listing to see if i can get the price higher? no. bidding on your own item to try and raise the price, or asking someone else to do it for you, is known as shill bidding [link to 1731] and is unfair on buyers and against our policy. read our full policy bidding policy overview rules for buyers &ndash; overview we want to maintain a safe, fair, and enjoyable marketplace for both buyers and sellers. if you,re a buyer, we ask that you review and understand our policies, including the ebay user agreement [link to 1602], before you bid on or buy an item. our policies are intended to: follow local laws and regulations minimise risks to buyers and sellers make sure that no one has an unfair advantage create an enjoyable buying experience protect intellectual property rights [link to 1773] guidelines for buyers the buying practices policy [link to 1102] outlines the type of behaviour that we don,t allow from buyers &ndash; such as making unreasonable demands of a seller, or taking advantage of the ebay money back guarantee. rules about bidding and paying you can,t use ebay if your account contains false contact information [link to 1748] . buyers and sellers sometimes need to be able to get in touch with each other, and we need to be able to contact our members. you must pay for any item you commit to buying. some ebay sellers use an auction-style format, allowing you to bid on an item. bidding is fun, but keep in mind that each bid you make is a binding contract to buy the item if you win. the same is true for buy it now purchases. not paying for an item after you agree to buy it has negative consequences, explained in our unpaid item policy [link to 1756]. you can only bid if you really intend to buy the item, even if you,re making a non-binding bid. you can only make non-binding bids on certain items, such as real estate and businesses. this type of bid still means that you intend to buy the item. the bottom line is, don,t place a bid unless you mean to buy the item. you can,t bid on your own item. we call this shill bidding [link to 1731] and it not only violates our policies, it,s against the law in many places. be careful about bidding on several items if you only want one. if you,re the winning bidder of more than one auction-style listing, you need to purchase all the items you,ve won, even if they,re the same or similar. you can only retract a bid under specific circumstances. for example, if you meant to bid $10.00 but accidentally bid $1,000.00, you can retract the bid. even then, you need to bid the amount you originally intended immediately. never use bid retraction to manipulate the bidding process. bid manipulation is unfair, and it has serious consequences. learn more about retracting or cancelling your bid [link to 3125]. make sure that you read the listing description before you bid. many of the problems buyers and sellers encounter are the result of simple misunderstandings about what is for sale and the terms of the sale. for example, some sellers only want to sell to bidders who live in a certain country, or who will pay using paypal. only bid on or buy an item if you can meet the requirements described in the listing. if you bid on an item and you don,t meet the seller,s requirements, we consider that unwelcome and malicious buying [link missing]. if you know the seller, you can,t bid on the item with the intent to increase its price or desirability artificially. this rule applies to family, friends, roommates, employees and online connections. buying items from someone just to increase their feedback score or improve their search standing is called shill bidding [link to 1731], and it,s against our policies. you can,t offer to buy items outside of ebay. our policies don,t cover items bought outside of our site. if you buy items outside of ebay, we don,t protect you against fraud. sellers must follow the same rule, so if a seller offers to sell you something outside of ebay, don,t accept the offer. for more information, see our rules for everyone [link to 1700]. if you buy an item from a seller in another country, you can,t ask the seller to mark the item as a gift in the customs declaration. this is illegal, and against our policies. learn more about our rules against encouraging illegal activity [link to 1860]. rules about feedback you can,t abuse the feedback system. this means you can,t threaten to leave a seller negative feedback if that seller won,t do something that wasn,t promised in the original listing. this is called feedback extortion [link to 1751] and is against our policy. also, you can,t leave feedback if you,re only doing it to help increase a seller,s feedback score. this is a type of feedback manipulation [link to 1752] and is also not allowed. make sure that you understand and follow all of our feedback policies [link to 1708]. if you,re having a problem with a seller be honest and have good intentions when you try to resolve a transaction problem. learn more about what to do if you don,t receive an item or it doesn,t match the listing description [link to 22000]. attempts to manipulate the ebay money back guarantee process are prohibited and can have serious consequences. you can,t try to contact other potential buyers to warn them about a seller. this is called transaction interference [link to 1733]. if you have a concern about a seller,s behaviour, report it to us and we,ll investigate. if you,re a seller if you,re also a seller, please be sure to read our rules for sellers [link to 1726], and make sure that your listings follow our guidelines. to learn more about our policies, see our marketplace policy tutorial and other trust and safety tutorials . reporting policy violations if you want to report a policy violation: first, read the policy page that deals with the violation (see our rules &amp; policies [link to 1700]) and make sure the other member is really breaking the rules. if you still want to report a member, go to help &amp; contact and select the topic that best describes the issue. we,ll show you how to send us a report or contact us. reports of policy violations must be specific and you must submit them with the intent of addressing a known or suspected violation of our policy. report a listing only once. multiple emails about the same listing slow down our investigation. when we receive your report, we look at all the circumstances, including the member,s history, before we decide whether to take action. if we aren,t sure about something or can,t prove it with certainty, we may not take any action. in addition, we won,t discuss the results of an investigation. learn more about our user privacy notice [link to 1717].
