bulk listings
help1066||4160||bulk listings|| how bulk listings work if all your items are the same, just tell us how many you have and we,ll keep track of the quantity as they,re sold. the listing will end when you run out, even if you had set a longer duration. if your items have a few different options, such as colour or size, you can combine them in a single listing, too. learn about listing with variations . looking for tools to help you create and manage listings in bulk? check out our articles on: file exchange selling manager, and selling manager pro how to create a bulk listing to list in bulk, you simply select the fixed price format and specify the number of items you have for sale in quantity when creating your listing. you can choose a listing duration of 3, 5, 7, or 10 days, or good ,til cancelled. with good ,til cancelled, your listing remains active until you,ve sold the number of items you specified, or you end the listing. if you,re going to be selling in bulk regularly, we recommend using the advance listing form . however, if it,s a one-off listing, then the quick listing tool might be more appropriate. here,s how to get started: create your listing with the advanced listing form or the quick listing tool . choose fixed price as your listing format and enter your buy it now price. select how long you,d like the listing to run in duration . enter the quantity . complete the rest of your listing and submit . how to update your listing quantity you can change how many items are available on your listing at any time. simply find the listing in my ebay or seller hub and select edit , then update the quantity . there are two reasons why it,s really important to keep the quantity of items up to date on your listing: a listing,s sales history is one of the things that determines its position in best match search results. if you get more stock, you should add it to the existing listing rather than creating a new one. you don,t want to over-sell items. buyers don,t want you to cancel their order because the item is out of stock, and doing so can affect your seller standing. tip set up the out-of-stock feature to hide your listing in case you run out temporarily how to set preferences for bulk listings you,ll always see exactly how many items are left on your listing, but it,s up to you whether to let buyers see the exact number or just a range. here,s how to edit your quantity display preference: go to site preferences in my ebay and select show next to sell your item form and listings. select edit and choose display ,more than 10 available, in your listing . select submit . how to use the out-of-stock option for good ,til cancelled listings if you,ve set your listing duration to good ,til cancelled, the listing will show up to buyers until you,ve sold all your items. when that happens, the listing will end. however, if you regularly get more stock of that item, then you can use our out-of-stock option. your listing will then be hidden from search results, but as soon as you increase the quantity again, the listing will reappear in searches. here,s how to enable the out-of-stock option: go to site preferences in my ebay and select show next to sell your item form and listings. tick yes next to use the out-of-stock option. select apply .
