cancelling a listing
help1027||4146||cancelling a listing || when you can cancel a listing if you cancel a listing, it risks disappointing potential buyers, so we strongly discourage all our sellers from doing so. however, we understand that there are times when a cancellation might be necessary. some valid reasons include: the item is lost, broken, or no longer available. you made a mistake, such as listing the wrong starting price in an auction. cancelling a listing isn&rsquo;t the same as cancelling a transaction. learn more about cancelling a transaction whether you can end your auction listing early depends on if you&rsquo;ve received any bids yet, how long is left in the auction, and if you have a reserve price in place. you can end your auction listing early, if: there are no bids yet on your item. there are bids on your item, and you are willing to sell your item to the current highest bidder. there are bids on your item but you don&rsquo;t want to sell it to the highest bidder but there are 12 or more hours left in the listing. in this situation, you&rsquo;ll need to cancel all active bids before you can end your listing. we charge a fee for ending a listing in this way. you can&rsquo;t end your auction listing early, if: there are fewer than 12 hours left in the listing, you&rsquo;ve received bids, and you don&rsquo;t want to sell it to the highest bidder. there are fewer than 12 hours left in the listing, you&rsquo;ve received bids, but the item&rsquo;s reserve price hasn&rsquo;t been met yet. if you&rsquo;re not eligible to cancel your listing, you can contact any bidders to explain the situation and ask them to retract their bids. if the auction has finished, you can contact the winner and, if they agree, you can cancel the transaction. ending listings early disappoints bidders, so we may place limits and restrictions on your account if you are doing so regularly. tip if possible, consider revising your listing by adding information to the description instead of ending it. how to cancel a listing to cancel a listing, find your item in the selling section of my ebay[link] and select end my listing early , or you can select end a listing early below. end a listing early if you,re a business seller or stores subscriber, you can also cancel a listing by going to seller hub and selecting end a listing from the shortcuts section.
