ebay’s rules and policies
help1170||4205||ebay’s rules and policies|| by becoming familiar with and following our policies, you,ll help us maintain a safe environment for all, and be able to avoid any interruption to your use of the site that might come from inadvertently violating any of our rules. some of our rules reflect local legal requirements, while others have been put in place based on our experience of how best to protect everyone using our site. in our policy section, you,ll find information on items that can and can,t be sold, guides to creating and maintaining listings, details on how we protect your personal details and more. you can also find our user agreement, privacy notice, and cookie notice. these lay out the most critical information around our terms of use, the information we collect from you, and how we keep that information safe. prohibited items policies learn about items that can and can,t be sold on ebay, and where we have restrictions on the sale of some products and services. buying rules and requirements when you bid on or buy and item on ebay, you,re agreeing to the rules we,ve set out for our community. feedback policies while feedback is intended as an open forum, we have guidelines and policies to ensure it,s used constructively and fairly. member behaviour policies when you buy and sell on ebay, we expect that you and your information are treated in a respectful manner, and that you afford other members the same courtesy. buyer protection policies when you buy on ebay, in most cases, we guarantee that you,ll get your item or your money back. listing policies find out everything you need to know about our rules for creating listings, and get advice on how to make your listings more successful. selling policies our selling policies are designed to help you deliver the best experience possible to your buyers. motors policy learn about our motors policy and find out how to sell cars and other motor vehicles on ebay. falsely reporting a policy violation find out how we deal with false reports of policy violations. policy tutorials we know there is a lot of detail in our trust and safety policies, which is why we developed a set of handy tutorials to help you quickly understand the key things you need to know. identity policies find out how our identity policies protect all of our members, and make ebay a safe and trusted marketplace. payment policies learn about the approved payment methods sellers can offer in their listings and find help on what to do if something goes wrong. technical issues learn how to troubleshoot any technical issues you may experience with our site.
