ebay money back guarantee policy
help1238||4210||ebay money back guarantee policy|| the ebay money back guarantee means you,re protected if the item you ordered didn,t arrive, or is faulty or damaged. you,ll get your money back, or a replacement. for all the details of how the guarantee works, please see our full policy guidelines below. frequently asked questions when does the ebay money back guarantee apply? you,re covered under the ebay money back guarantee when: you don,t receive an item you receive an item that doesn,t match its description in the listing you receive an item that,s broken or faulty our sellers normally work with buyers to quickly resolve any issues, but if you can,t agree on a solution, you can ask us to step in and help. in most cases, you,ll be covered by the ebay money back guarantee. what happens if the seller doesn,t respond or won,t give me a refund? under the ebay money back guarantee, the seller has 3 business days to resolve your issue. if you can,t come to an agreement, you can ask us to step in and help. we,ll review the details of your case and make a decision within 48 hours. if i refund a buyer, will i get a credit for my final value fee? in most cases, once you issue a full refund to the buyer before we,re asked to step in, we,ll credit your final value fee. insertion fees and other ebay fees aren,t refunded though. you can find more information in our policy below. read our full policy ebay money back guarantee policy overview most ebay sales go smoothly, but if there,s a problem with a purchase, the ebay money back guarantee assists buyers to receive the item they ordered or get their money back. buyers can use the ebay money back guarantee when: they don,t receive an item they receive an item that does not significantly match the listing description most sellers work with buyers to quickly resolve issues, but if a solution isn,t reached, buyers can seek assistance via ebay money back guarantee. what are the guidelines? what,s covered most transactions on ebay.com.au are covered by the ebay money back guarantee. not covered buyer,s remorse any reason besides not receiving the item or receiving an item not as described in the listing (see the seller,s return policy for return options) items damaged during local pick-up items not delivered when the buyer arranges pick-up or delivery of the item (for instance, the buyer arranges freight) duplicate claims through other resolution methods click &amp; collect items that weren,t collected by the buyer local pickup items that weren,t collected by the buyer items sent to another address after original delivery vehicles, real estate, websites &amp; business for sale, classified ads and services, tickets, digital goods and intangibles, gift cards covered purchases are covered by ebay money back guarantee when: an item isn,t received or it isn,t significantly as described in the listing. a buyer reports that they didn,t receive an item or requests a return within the ebay money back guarantee timelines. the buyer made the purchase on ebay.com.au via checkout or an ebay invoice with one of the following payment methods: paypal transactions made from a verified paypal account credit/debit card transactions processed through the seller,s internet merchant account items are collected in person, as long as they meet all other requirements. when a buyer doesn,t receive an item if a buyer doesn,t receive an item, the buyer needs to report that they didn,t receive the item by contacting the seller from my ebay. the seller should address the buyer,s concern and provide updates on the delivery of the item, tracking information, or a refund. if the buyer doesn,t receive a response from the seller or isn,t happy with their response, the buyer can ask us to step in and help. if asked to step in, we review the information provided by the buyer and seller for evidence of successful on-time delivery to the buyer. we require proof of signature to confirm delivery for items with a total cost of $750 or more. if we determine that the item wasn,t successfully delivered, the buyer will be refunded the full cost of the item and original postage via paypal or as otherwise agreed. the seller will be required to reimburse us for the amount unless the seller can provide compelling reasons as to why the seller should not cover the costs. it is up to the seller to ensure that items are correctly listed and packed appropriately to avoid damage to the item in transit. learn more about reimbursement. generally, the buyer is responsible for accepting the item when it arrives. if the buyer refuses delivery, their claim is not eligible for ebay money back guarantee. exceptions: the buyer can provide, via written proof from the carrier, that they refused the package because it arrived empty or was damaged in transit the item arrived cod because it didn,t have enough postage on it the buyer is responsible for paying any customs and duty fees for international postage. exception: the seller overstated the value of the item, which caused customs fees to be higher when an item isn,t significantly as described if a buyer receives an item that doesn,t significantly match the way it was described in the listing, the buyer needs to request a return from my ebay. the seller should address the buyer,s concern and offer a solution such as having the item returned for a replacement or refund. if the buyer doesn,t receive a response or solution, or returns the item but doesn,t receive a refund or replacement from the seller, the buyer can ask us to step in and help. if asked to step in, we review the item description, photos of the item, if provided by the buyer or seller, and any other information about the item that the buyer and seller provide. if we can,t determine that the item matches the listing description, the seller has already offered a return, or the seller,s stated return window and policy applies, we require the buyer to return the item to the seller. when an item is returned the buyer is responsible for returning the item. the buyer must return the item in the same condition in which it was received. the seller is required to accept the return at their specified return address. the cost of return postage is the seller,s responsibility. signature confirmation is required for returns of items with a total cost of $750 or more. the seller pays for any customs charges on the returned item. after confirming that the item was returned to the seller, we will refund the full cost of the item and original postage to the buyer as well as any reasonable return postage costs if the seller hasn,t facilitated return with the buyer. we require the seller to reimburse us for the amount. when the buyer arranges delivery or picks up the item, we may not refund the cost of original postage or pickup. find out more about reimbursement below. when an item isn,t returned in some instances, we may not require that an item be returned to the seller. for example, we may refund the buyer and seek reimbursement from the seller if: the seller chooses not to accept a return request for a not as described item the item location was misrepresented it,s hazardous to send back the item the item no longer has a value alternatively, with the buyer,s consent, we may give a partial refund if an item was significantly not as described. when we give the buyer a partial refund, we don,t ask them to return the item. we may require the seller to reimburse us for the partial refund. counterfeit items if a buyer suspects that an item is counterfeit and there are strong indicators that this is true (for example: third-party authentication, or a statutory declaration by the buyer), we don,t require the buyer to return the item to the seller. the buyer agrees to ensure the proper disposal of the item and may not sell it on ebay or elsewhere. we refund the buyer for the full cost of the item and original postage, and the seller reimburses us for the refund. ebay money back guarantee timelines item not received a buyer can report in my ebay that they didn,t receive an item once the latest estimated delivery date has passed, and for 30 days after the latest estimated delivery date. the seller has 3 full business days from the report date to respond to the buyer or offer a solution. if the seller does not respond or offer a solution, the buyer can ask us to step in and help. if the buyer doesn,t ask us to step in within 30 days of reporting that they didn,t receive an item, the request closes automatically. item significantly not as described a buyer must request a return no later than 30 days after the actual (or latest estimated) delivery date, or, if the seller,s return window is longer, within the return window. the seller has 3 full business days from the request date to respond to the buyer or offer a solution. if the seller does not respond or offer a solution, the buyer can ask us to step in and help. the buyer must send the item back to the seller no longer than 5 business days after starting the return. if the seller offers a replacement and the buyer doesn,t post the original item back within 30 days of the buyer starting the return, we charge the buyer for the replacement. if the seller offers a refund and doesn,t issue it within 6 business days of their receiving the item back, the buyer can ask us to step in for a period of 10 business days after the refund deadline has passed. if the seller offers a replacement but doesn,t send it within 5 business days of the buyer starting the return, the buyer can ask us to step in for a period of 14 business days after the replacement deadline has passed or after the day the original item was returned to the seller, whichever is later. if the buyer doesn,t ask us to step in within 30 days of starting a return request (or within the timelines described if a refund or replacement isn,t received), the request closes automatically. latest estimated delivery date when we have no information about the actual delivery date, we use the latest estimated delivery date. when we have no information about the estimated delivery date, we consider the latest estimated delivery date to be 7 days from the payment date for transactions between a buyer and seller in the same country, and 30 days from the payment date for buyers and sellers in different countries. extended timelines for ebay money back guarantee coverage in some situations, we may extend the period of time in which a buyer is eligible for the ebay money back guarantee. this lets us consider the buyer,s location, the postage service used, the seller,s extended return window, holidays, delays due to weather, national emergencies, labour strikes, governmental acts, fraud, and other circumstances. when we extend a timeline for ebay money back guarantee coverage, if the seller is responsible for requests opened during the extended timeline, we may make an announcement on ebay.com.au . appeals buyers and sellers can appeal by providing appropriate documentation within 30 days from when we make a decision about a transaction issue. if the buyer successfully appeals, we have the right to seek reimbursement from the seller. refunds to buyers we refund buyers via paypal or as otherwise agreed. if a buyer doesn,t wish to receive their refund into a paypal account, we ask the buyer to contact customer support to discuss refund options. we may also provide refunds by coupon redeemable for purchases on ebay. seller funds, reimbursements and fees seller funds when a buyer asks us to step in and help, a seller,s funds may be held or set aside by paypal, as outlined in the paypal user agreement . reimbursements if a seller is required to reimburse the buyer or ebay, the reimbursement amount is removed from the seller,s paypal account, and/or placed on the seller,s invoice and/or charged to the seller,s payment method on file. the seller is required to have a valid payment method on file. the cost of return postage for an item that is not as described is the seller,s responsibility. you can find details about reimbursements in our user agreement [link to 1602]. seller fees if a seller issues a buyer a full refund before we,re asked to step in and help, we credit the seller,s final value fee. insertion fees and other ebay fees aren,t refunded. using other programs to address a concern buyers can,t use more than one resolution method to get a refund. after selecting a resolution process (ebay money back guarantee, paypal buyer protection, or requesting a chargeback from their payment provider) a buyer is required to use only that process to resolve the transaction issue. if a buyer files a paypal buyer protection dispute, the buyer can,t open an ebay money back guarantee request for the same transaction. if a buyer files a chargeback, any requests opened through ebay money back guarantee for the same transaction are immediately closed. if a seller loses a chargeback after they reimburse ebay or the buyer, they can appeal the ebay decision by providing evidence of the lost chargeback. fraudulent claims fraudulent claims may include: a buyer opening excessive requests a buyer colluding with a seller to misdeclare an item,s value for customs a buyer filing a chargeback after knowingly receiving a refund buyers who file fraudulent claims are subject to consequences outlined in the abusing ebay section of the user agreement [link to 1602]. in addition, we reserve the right to indefinitely suspend the buyer,s coverage under the ebay money back guarantee. other terms buyers and sellers permit us to make final decisions about all cases, including appeals. we may provide buyers and sellers with access to each other,s names, user ids, contact information, and other information related to a request. when a buyer and seller don,t speak the same language, we may assist with communication until the issue is resolved. the ebay money back guarantee is not a product warranty, and does not replace your australian consumer law rights. in some situations, such as when a seller is suspended for fraud, we may open a request and make a decision on behalf of the buyer. this includes situations in which a seller is suspended for fraudulent activity. for items shipped through the global shipping program, the program,s terms and conditions for buyers describe how members are protected by the ebay money back guarantee. we reserve the right to correct any processing errors we discover by debiting or crediting the payment method used for the incorrect refund or reimbursement. in regard with application of ebay money back guarantee policy, not matched or not as described means significantly does not match or significantly not as described .
