images and text policy
help1242||4240||images and text policy|| for some items though, we may suggest using images or text descriptions from the ebay product catalogue - this content is provided by members and third parties, and can be used by all sellers for additional information or images when listing. [link to new ebay product catalogue page] for more information about the use of images and text in your listings, please see our full policy guidelines below. frequently asked questions what should i do if my image or text is being used by another member? you should contact the member and ask them to remove your image or text from their listing. if they don&rsquo;t, you can fill out a notice of claimed infringement form and send it to our verified rights owner (vero) team. [link to 1773] if content you added to a listing has been selected for our product catalogue though, then it&rsquo;s free to use for all members and we won&rsquo;t be able to process a vero claim. how can i prevent members from using my images? adding watermarks or other identifiers to your images makes it easier to prove you own them. watermarks should only be used to show ownership, not for promotional information. read our full policy images and text policy overview when creating listings, members should write their own description and take their own photos. buyers like to see images and descriptions that accurately represent an item they are purchasing. learn more about adding photos to your listing and writing a good title and description [link to 2519]. if you use text or an image that was created by someone else, make sure that you have permission to use the text or image from the rights owner or creator. using images or text descriptions from the ebay product catalogue [link to 7029] in your listings is a great way to include additional information or images for an item you are listing. the product catalogue may include, at our discretion, select seller-generated images or photos from seller listings. the inclusion of seller-generated photos in the ebay product catalogue and the use of catalogue content by ebay sellers in their ebay listings is authorised under the user agreement. if your image or text is being used by another member we encourage you to contact the other member to ask if they,ll remove your image or text from their listing. contact another ebay member [link] how to prevent users from using your images you may want to use watermarks or other identifiers to deter picture theft by other sellers. learn more about adding watermarks to your photos. [link to 2521] what are the guidelines? make sure your listing follows these guidelines. if it doesn,t, it may be removed, and you may be subject to a range of other actions, including limits of your buying and selling privileges and suspension of your account. if you,re not using pictures or text from the ebay product catalogue, you should use your own when creating a listing. if you,re using someone else,s photos and text, make sure you have permission from the rights owner or creator. allowed allowed images and text you created yourself all ebay product catalogue images and text restricted restricted you should make sure you have permission from the rights owner or creator before you use the following: images or text copied from websites or internet searches stock photos and text information from product packaging it,s usually ok to use information such as measurements, weight or other item specifications that are necessary to describe the item that you simply can,t say any other way. however, you should avoid using any other text from product packaging unless you have permission from the owner to do so. images and text copied from listings of other ebay members scans or text copied from catalogues or advertisements how to report another member who has copied your images or text before you report a seller who may be using your image, please remember that images you have used on ebay may be used in the ebay catalogue at our discretion. the ebay user agreement provides that listing images may be put into the catalogue for use by ebay in promoting products and may be used by other sellers in their listings. if another member is using your image, it may have been provided to the seller through our catalogue. if that is how your image was used, vero cannot process your claim because the photo is being used in accordance with our policies. if you believe another ebay member has copied images and/or text from your listing, we encourage you to contact the other member to ask if they,ll remove your image or text from their listing. if the other member is unwilling to remove the image or text, you may report it using our vero program. you must fill out the notice of claimed infringement and return to the vero team. to learn more about vero and how to contact us, please see our reporting intellectual property infringements (vero) page. [link to 1773] if you don,t own the rights to the images or text, you won,t be able to report these items through the vero program. however, you may consider contacting the rights owner directly to have them report these items. if reporting text, the copied text will need to be in the description of the item. because of limited space in the title and subtitles, some similarity will occur for the same merchandise, so we won,t typically remove a listing for similar text in these areas. how ebay protects intellectual property rights we developed the verified rights owner (vero) program to facilitate cooperation between ebay and rights owners protecting their intellectual property rights. learn more about how ebay protects intellectual property rights and how rights owners can report intellectual property infringements. [link to 1773] why does ebay have this policy? members should use their own images and text when describing listings. buyers like to see images and text that accurately represent items they are purchasing. if you are using images or text created by someone else, make sure that you have permission from the rights owner or creator.
