leaving feedback for sellers
help1052||4007||leaving feedback for sellers|| need selling help? read our article on leaving feedback for buyers [link to 19000] where and how to leave feedback after you make a purchase, we,ll remind you via email to leave feedback for your seller. you can also leave feedback through your purchase history . simply go to the more actions dropdown and select leave feedback . you can then: select an overall feedback rating &ndash; positive, neutral, or negative rate aspects of the transaction &ndash; including whether the item arrived on time, the accuracy of the item description, postage costs, and the seller,s communication write a comment about your experience why buyers should leave feedback by leaving feedback for a seller, you,re not just telling them what you think, you,re also letting other buyers know about your experience. this feedback system means whenever you,re looking to buy an item on ebay, you can check a seller,s feedback, and feel more confident buying from them. how to determine a seller,s feedback score when you look at a listing, you,ll find the seller,s positive feedback score beneath their username, listed as a percentage. for example, if a seller has a score of 99.5%, it means that 99.5% of buyers left positive feedback about their experience with that seller. negative feedback negative feedback becomes a permanent part of a seller,s record, and can harm their reputation and their business. if possible, you should try to resolve any issues you have with a seller before you leave negative feedback. if you decide to leave negative feedback, make sure it,s fair, factual, and relates specifically to your transaction with the seller. remember, feedback is about your experience with the seller &ndash; it,s not a review of the product you bought. sellers often respond to negative feedback and may get in touch with you to try to resolve the issue. feedback disputes find out why a seller may dispute your feedback and how to resolve it. [link to 1906] viewing and changing feedback learn how to view, change, and follow up on feedback you left for a seller on ebay. [link to 1907] feedback policy read everything you need to know about our feedback policy. [link to 1708] tip if you have an issue, contact the seller and give them a chance to resolve it before leaving negative feedback.
