managing cases and disputes
help1098||4113||managing cases and disputes|| how to avoid disputes here are some tips to help you avoid potential issues with your buyers. when listing your item make sure your item descriptions are accurate. include photos, and highlight any scuffs or blemishes. state your returns policy [link to 1711] clearly in your listing. respond to any questions as quickly as you can. set your payment preferences to require immediate payment on buy it now purchases. avoiding unpaid items to help you get paid quickly and avoid unpaid item claims, you can choose to require immediate payment in both fixed price listings, and auction-style listings with a buy it now price. after your listing ends use a postal carrier that provides tracking information, and uploading tracking details. this helps protect you in case a buyer claims they didn,t receive the item. if you buy and print postage on ebay [link to 1321 labels &amp; packaging], tracking information is uploaded automatically. keep copies of any proof of your item,s authenticity. make sure you receive the buyer,s payment before you post the item. how to resolve disputes if something has gone wrong with a transaction, first contact the buyer to try and work things out. if the buyer asks to return the item [link to 20040] or reports that they didn,t receive it , it,s important to respond promptly to the request. asking ebay to step in if you,re unable to resolve an issue with a buyer, you can ask us to step in and help. we,ll review the details of the case and make a decision within 2 business days. tip you can check the status of any open cases in the resolution centre. how to appeal a case if you,re not happy with our decision on a case, you have 30 days to appeal. you,ll need to provide new information in your appeal, which can include: tracking details showing the buyer received the item. photos and/or documentation showing the item matches the listing description. proof you refunded the buyer before the case was closed. to appeal a decision, go to the resolution centre and select see case details beside your case, then appeal . once we,ve received your appeal, we,ll review the additional information and get back to you with a final decision within 48 hours.
