reporting an item you didn't receive
help1135||4042||reporting an item you didn't receive|| need selling help? read our article on responding to an item not received case if the item you ordered hasn,t arrived, the first thing to do is check the estimated delivery date, which you,ll find beside the item in your purchase history . if the date hasn,t passed yet, your order,s probably still on its way. you should also double-check that your delivery address is correct. you can see the address you provided to the seller by selecting the more actions dropdown beside the item and then view order details . if your delivery address is incorrect, select contact the seller and ask them to send the item to your new address, if they haven,t posted it already. if they have posted it, you,ll need to get in touch with the carrier. tip check with a neighbour in case you weren,t home when the package arrived and they took delivery of it for you. still haven,t received your item if the estimated delivery date has passed, and you still haven,t received the item, let the seller know by opening an item not received case within 30 days of the estimated delivery date. here,s how: go to your purchase history in my ebay. select more actions beside your item and then i didn,t receive it . tick the box beside i want a refund or i want the item . you have the option of adding a message to the seller. select send request . the seller has 3 business days to provide an update on the delivery of the item, or offer a replacement or refund if it has been lost. you can keep track of your request in the resolution centre . asking ebay to step in if the seller hasn,t responded or offered an acceptable solution within 3 business days, you can ask us to step in and help. simply go to the resolution centre and, next to your case, select take action and then ask ebay to step in . we,ll respond within 48 hours and, if you still haven,t received what you ordered, we,ll refund you through the payment method you used. getting your refund it usually takes 3 to 5 business days to receive a refund to your paypal account. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days to get your money back, depending on your card provider. once you,ve been refunded, your case will close automatically.
