seller ratings
help1055||4023||seller ratings|| need selling help? read our article on seller levels and performance standards how feedback scores and seller ratings work when you buy an item on ebay, you can rate your experience with the seller. the ratings you give are then added to the seller,s overall feedback and detailed seller rating scores. you can see a seller,s star rating as well as their feedback score. a seller,s feedback score is shown on their listings beneath their username &ndash; it,s displayed as a percentage. if a seller has a score of 99.5%, it means that 99.5% of their buyers left positive feedback about their experience with that seller. tip a silver shooting star in a seller,s star rating means they,ve received positive feedback over 1 million times. for additional insight into a seller,s performance, you can also view their detailed seller rating. this is a breakdown of how they&rsquo;ve been rated in the following areas after a transaction: item description &ndash; how accurately it was described communication &ndash; did the seller communicate well with their buyer? postage time &ndash; how quickly the seller posted the item postage and handling charges &ndash; were the costs reasonable? to view a seller,s detailed seller ratings, select the number in brackets next to their user id. here you,ll find stars next to the four different areas, with 1 star being the lowest rating and 5 stars being the highest. in addition to their feedback score and detailed seller ratings, you can also see a seller,s star rating. this shows how many buyers have left feedback for a seller. the more buyers who have rated their experience with a seller, the more assured you can be of getting great service. types of ebay sellers our best sellers earn top rated and premium service status, which means they,ve provided a great experience for their buyers: top rated sellers consistently deliver outstanding customer service. members can become top rated sellers whether they sell a little or a lot, provided they meet our highest levels of customer service. top rated sellers can also offer ebay premium service on their listings, meaning they offer specific postage and returns options. ebay premium service sellers are top rated sellers who offer specific postage and returns options, e.g. free postage to australian sellers and 30+ day money back returns. their listings will display an ebay premium service badge.
