seller levels and performance standards
help1259||4080||seller levels and performance standards|| need buying help? read our article on how seller ratings work how seller levels work we assess sellers, performance standards once a month, based on the quality of service they,re giving to their buyers. based on how you,re rated, you,ll be assigned one of the following seller levels: top rated &ndash; you,re one of the best sellers on ebay, providing a great experience for customers, and you,ve met certain other criteria. above standard &ndash; you,re meeting at least our minimum standard for sellers, and looking after your customers well. below standard &ndash; you,re not meeting our minimum standard for sellers. we take seller performance standards seriously, so falling below standard may result in your listings be ranked lower in our search results. it can also lead to partial or even complete restriction of your sales activities. tip take a look at your seller standards dashboard to check your level. if you,re below standard, you,ll find information on how you can improve. how your performance is rated your seller performance level is calculated by looking at your transaction defect rate, cases closed without seller resolution and late shipments. transaction defect rates one of the key seller performance measures is your transaction defect rate. a defect is added to your account if you cancel a buyer,s purchase &ndash; whether that is because you no longer have the item in stock, or you chose not to send it. a defect is also counted for a case closed without seller resolution. to avoid letting down buyers and receiving a defect due to an item being out of stock: closely manage your inventory. if your stock levels change, end your listing or update the quantity as soon as possible. check our restock advice. go to the growth tab in seller hub to see which listings are running low. enable our out-of-stock feature. if you use multi-quantity, good ,til cancelled listings, this feature automatically hides listings when the stock quantity falls to zero. cases closed without seller resolution if we,re asked to step in and help with an ebay money back guarantee case, and you,re found to be responsible for the issue, this will result in what we call a case closed without seller resolution . we count these in your transaction defect rate, and also as a percentage of your transactions. to avoid these cases: describe your item accurately. use pictures and include specifics in your listing, so your buyers know exactly what to expect. provide clear return and payment policies in your listing. work with your buyer to resolve issues promptly. late shipment rates to provide your buyers with a great service, it,s important to make sure you send your items on time. late shipment rates are determined by the percentage of transactions that you either sent after the handling time stated in your listing, or were not delivered by your estimated delivery date. we,ll consider a shipment as late when one of these things happens: tracking shows the item was delivered after the estimated delivery date. there,s no acceptance scan within your handling time. the buyer lets us know that the item was delivered after the estimated delivery date. if more than 10% of your transactions are classified as late shipments, we may limit some of the postage options available to you to make sure buyers have the right expectations on delivery times. becoming a top rated seller becoming a top rated seller indicates that you consistently deliver outstanding customer service, and also makes you eligible to receive a prominent ebay premium service badge on qualifying listings. to become a top rated seller you,ll need to: have an ebay account that,s been active for at least 90 days. have at least 100 transactions and au $1,000 in sales during the last 12 months. have a feedback score of 100 or more, with at least 98% positive feedback over the past 12 months. comply with ebay,s selling practices [link to 1766]. meet the requirements for transaction defect rate, cases closed without seller resolution and late shipment rate. you,ll find the requirements in the table below. if you,ve met these requirements, we,ll automatically upgrade you to the top rated seller status at your next evaluation. number of defect rates that affect your rating minimum performance standards on ebay.com.au all sellers ebay top rated sellers transaction defect rate: transactions with one or more of the defects listed below: maximum percentage of transactions with defects 2% 0.5% maximum number of unique buyers affected before seller status is impacted 4 3 cases closed without seller resolution: cases where ebay or paypal was asked to review the case and the seller was found responsible. maximum percentage or number of cases closed by ebay without seller resolution. (applies after account has exceeded maximum number of cases). 0.3% 0.3% maximum number of cases closed without seller resolution 2 2 late shipment rate: transactions where you didn,t send the item within your handling time or the item was delivered after the estimated delivery date. maximum percentage of transactions sent late 10% 5% maximum number of transactions sent late 8 5 find out more about our seller performance policy. [link to 1767] how sellers, ratings fall below standard your seller rating can fall below standard if your transaction defect rate is above 2% or your cases closed without seller resolution is above 0.3%. sellers who aren,t meeting the minimum requirements in either of these areas will receive a below standard rating. if you,ve fallen below standard, we may apply limits or restrictions on your account &ndash; however, we,ll send you an email to let you know. ebay premium service once you,ve reached top rated status, you can choose to provide ebay premium service for some or all of your listings. any qualifying listings will show the ebay premium service badge to let buyers know that you offer high levels of customer service. to qualify for ebay premium service, you must offer all of the following on a listing: free postage to au buyers same business day or one business day handling 30+ day money back return policy an express postage option, offering delivery within one day detailed seller ratings for additional insight into a seller,s performance, buyers can also view your detailed seller rating. this is a breakdown of how you,ve been rated by your buyers in the following areas: item description &ndash; how accurately was the item described? communication &ndash; did you communicate well with your buyer? postage time &ndash; how quickly did you post the item? postage and handling charges &ndash; were the costs reasonable? you can view your detailed seller ratings by selecting the number in brackets next to your username. here you,ll find stars next to the four different areas, with 1 star being the lowest rating and 5 stars being the highest.
