sending invoices to buyers
help1077||4139||sending invoices to buyers|| there are a number of different reasons why it can be helpful to send an invoice: the buyer is purchasing several items from you, and you want to combine them into a single purchase you need to change some of the transaction details, such as postage charges or payment method (although this should only be done at the buyer,s request) the buyer hasn,t paid for an auction they,ve won, and you want to send them a reminder you can,t send an invoice if it,s been more than 30 days since the listing ended. how to send or revise an invoice you can send or revise an invoice from either my ebay or seller hub. here,s how: find the item: in seller hub, select orders in my ebay, select sold from actions , select send invoice . add or change any details needed, such as postage charges or payment methods. select send invoice . how to combine payments for a buyer when a buyer purchases more than one item from you, you can combine their purchases into one invoice. it,ll save you time, and you can also consider offering postage discounts for multiple purchases. to offer combined payments, you,ll have to first enable it on your account. enabling combined payments here,s how to enable combined payments: go to your preferences: in seller hub, from the shortcuts section, select site preferences in my ebay, from the account section, select site preferences in the selling preferences section, select show next to postage preferences . next to offer combined payments and postage , select edit . under combined payments , select edit . on edit combined payments , tick allow buyers to send one combined payment for all items purchased . select a time period for allowing combined purchases. we recommend 30 days after a listing ends. select save . tip if you don,t see a send invoice option for an item, it may have been more than 30 days since the listing ended. sending an invoice for combined payments here,s how to send your buyer an invoice for combined payments: find the items: in seller hub, select orders in my ebay, select sold select send invoice next to one of the items you,d like to include in the invoice. on the next page, we display all items purchased by that buyer. remove the tick from any items you don,t want to include in the invoice. add postage charges. enter a message to the buyer (optional) and select the payment methods you accept. to preview the invoice, select preview invoice before sending . to send the invoice, select send invoice . adding items to an existing invoice here,s how to add items to an existing invoice: find the order: in seller hub, select orders in my ebay, select sold the items you,ve combined into one invoice are grouped under the buyer,s username. from more actions across from the username, select send invoice . (if you don,t see the send invoice option, you can no longer add to this invoice. you,ll need to send a separate one.) on the next page, you,ll find all the items the buyer has purchased that can be added to the invoice. remove the tick from any you don,t want included. add postage charges if needed. enter a message to the buyer (optional) and select the payment methods you accept. to preview the invoice, select preview invoice before sending . to send the invoice, select send invoice .
