changing delivery address or method
help1033||4028||changing delivery address or method|| need selling help? read our article on setting up postage options how to change your delivery address when you,re buying an item, we,ll pre-populate your preferred delivery address in the order summary, which you,ll see just before checkout. make sure this is where you want your item to be sent before completing your purchase. if you want to make a change, choose your preferred address in the post to field on the checkout page. if the address you want your item delivered to isn,t shown, select add a new address and complete the required details. you can also change your preferred delivery address in the addresses section of my ebay. from here you can also add new addresses or delete old ones. if you,ve already completed your purchase but need to make a change, contact the seller as soon as possible to let them know. tip if you item has been sent already, you can ask your seller to redirect the parcel with the carrier or work with the seller to arrange a reshipment. how to change your delivery method if you,ve already confirmed your order, but need to change the delivery method you selected, you can ask the seller if it,s possible. if they agree, you can work with them to decide on a new delivery method. how to change your delivery method after payment if you,ve already paid for an item, you,ll need to contact the seller to make a change. you can then ask them to cancel your order so that you can repurchase the item with different delivery details. here,s how: go to purchase history and find the order you want to cancel. from the more actions dropdown, choose contact seller . choose request to cancel this order , and then contact the seller . explain to the seller why you need to cancel, and select send . if the seller agrees to cancel the order, you can repurchase the item and select a new delivery method. if the seller has already posted your order, or if they don,t accept the cancellation, you,ll receive your package by the method originally selected.
