listing policies
help1241||4213||listing policies|| find out everything you need to know about what,s allowed in listings, as well as information on how to have an easier and more successful selling experience, in our detailed policy guidelines below. frequently asked questions i,m not sure whether the item i,m selling is allowed on ebay there are some items that, due to legal restrictions or ebay rules, we don,t allow or that can only be listed under certain conditions. if you,re not sure whether your item is allowed, our prohibited or restricted items policy [link to 1701] has more details on what you can and can,t sell. why was my listing removed? to keep ebay a safe place, sometimes we remove listings that violate our policies. if we remove your listing , we,ll send you an email to your messages and to your registered email address explaining why. i can,t find my listings on the site. what,s happened? if you can,t find your listings they may have been removed if they violated one of our policies. however, if you haven,t received an email from us about removing your listings, it,s possible they,re just not ranking high up in search results. to improve your search ranking, be as descriptive as possible when you create your listings. write a clear title and description, list your item in the right category, and fill out all item specifics suggested for your item. find out more in our article on how to improve your search ranking [link to 7029]. image, photo and text policy to make sure you,re giving potential buyers an accurate representation of your items, and that you,re not infringing on anyone else,s content rights, you should write your own descriptions and use your own images. link to 1723 listing without items policy all listings on ebay.com.au have to offer a physical item or a tangible service. listings that are blank, or don,t offer a tangible item or service, aren,t allowed because they can cause confusion for buyers and increase the risk of fraud. link to 1758 search &amp; browse manipulation policy learn why it,s not allowed to manipulate ebay,s search and browse experience by adding popular keywords in your listings that don,t have any relation to your items. link to 1759 item location misrepresentation policy to make sure buyers have a clear understanding of postage charges and delivery times, all sellers must provide clear and accurate information in their listings about where their item is located. link to 1760 listings with warranties and guarantees policy offering your customers a guarantee or warranty gives them peace of mind when they buy from you, and can help give you an edge on the competition. link to 1761 reserve price policy to make sure you get the price you want for your items, learn how and when to sell with a reserve price. link to 1762 javascript in listings policy active content in listings can create a poor experience by increasing page load times and introducing security risks. that,s why it,s not allowed in listings on ebay. link to 1763 links policy find out why we don,t allow listings to contain links that direct customers to a site other than ebay. link to 1764 third party endorsements policy understand why we don,t allow the use of third-party statements or logos that vouch for a seller,s ,reputation, or ,trustworthiness, in ebay listings. link to 1768 duplicate listings policy only one fixed price listing of an identical item can be listed at the same time, from the same seller. this is to ensure buyers see a wide variety of options from multiple sellers. link to 2512 classified ads policy read about your responsibilities when you sell items using classified ads. link to 1867 pre-sale listings policy to ensure buyers aren,t disappointed, our pre-sale listings policy for items like cell phones and video games outlines the requirements for this type of transaction. link to 1869.
