making a best offer
help1005||4019||making a best offer|| how does best offer work? you can make a best offer on items where you see make offer below the buy it now price. to find best offer listings: go to advanced search and enter your keywords. under show results , tick the best offer box, and select search . once you,ve found an item you want that accepts best offers, follow these steps: choose make offer . enter your offer. if you want to add any additional terms, you can add a message to the seller. select review offer . review your information and select submit offer . the seller has 48 hours to decide whether to accept or reject your offer, or suggest another price. if they choose not to respond to you in that time, or if the listing ends before they respond, then your offer expires. if you make an offer and the seller accepts, it,s just like any other sale on ebay &ndash; you,re obliged to pay the amount you offered. if the seller rejects your offer, you can make another one (up to 3 on most items, and 10 in most vehicles categories). your offer only applies to the item price. postage costs and all the other terms specified in the seller,s listing remain the same. tip remember, best offers on ebay are only valid for 48 hours. if the seller hasn,t accepted your offer by then, it expires. cancelling a best offer in some cases you can retract or cancel a best offer, for example if you accidentally entered the wrong offer amount. you,ll need to fill out a best offer cancellation form . best offer tips a best offer strategy can work well when you,ve got your eye on something and have a certain price in mind. here are some tips: be reasonable . sellers who accept offers are flexible on price, and generally take fair offers seriously. communicate with your seller. look for the add message to seller option when you,re entering your offer. a friendly, personal message could help you get the item at the price you want. check the item,s original listing date. if it,s been listed for a long time, the seller might be more flexible on the price. use your best offers wisely. you can make up to 3 best offers on most items, and up to 10 in most vehicles categories. expired, rejected, and retracted offers all count towards this limit.
