recognising spoof emails
help1107||4195||recognising spoof emails|| fraudsters send fake emails, which appear to come from well-known companies, in the hope that recipients will reply or click on a link contained in the email, and then provide confidential information including passwords or bank or credit card details. the easiest way to identify whether an email is really from us is to check your ebay messages . if we sent the message, a copy of it will appear there, too. how to report spoof and phishing emails if you receive a suspicious email, you should report it to us immediately. here,s how: don,t click any links in the email or open any attachments. forward the message to us at spoof@ebay.com.au. we,ll let you know that we received the email. tip to help us investigate the source of a spoof or phishing email, don,t alter the subject line or forward the message as an attachment. characteristics of spoof or phishing emails and websites a phishing email pretending to be from ebay typically contains a link that takes you to a fake website. there, you,ll usually be asked to sign in, and submit personal and account information. these emails often include the ebay logo and a fake ebay address in the from line. pay attention to signs that the email might be a spoof. here are some typical traits of spoof emails and websites: asking for confidential information an urgent tone that asks you to act quickly unsolicited attachments a generic greeting, like attention ebay member a web address that looks like ebay, but which may have a typo or extra numbers and letters (like http:// signin-ebay .com.au or http://signin.ebay.com.au @10.19.32.4 ) if you receive a legitimate email from ebay, you can expect that: emails from us typically contain your ebay username we won,t ask you to provide confidential information like your password or credit card details via email or over the phone we,ll only include links for convenience. no link will require you to submit confidential information on the next page. we won,t include attachments. if you receive an unsolicited email with an attachment, don,t open it. we won,t ever use threatening language or include specific threats.
