resolving unpaid items
help1091||4137||resolving unpaid items|| if you,re a high volume seller, you can automate how you manage unpaid items using unpaid item assistant . if you just sell occasionally or you haven,t yet set up unpaid item assistant, here,s what you should do if a buyer doesn,t pay: get in touch with the buyer to find out why they haven,t paid. sometimes it,s just that they didn,t realise they won the auction, they,re not sure of the postage cost or don,t know how to pay. [link to flow 2819] contact a buyer [link to flow 2819] send the buyer an invoice to remind them to pay. in your sold items, select the item, then select more actions , and choose send invoice . see sold items if it,s been more than 4 days since the listing ended, and the buyer still hasn,t paid, you can select report an unpaid item . this lets us know you,re having a problem and starts the formal process for resolving the issue &ndash; we call this opening a case. you need to report a case within 32 days of the listing ending. report an unpaid item [link to flow 1270] after opening a case, the buyer has 4 days to respond or pay for the item. on the fifth day, you can close the case. to close out the case, go to the resolution centre and select close case . under have you received payment from the buyer? , select no . the unpaid item is then recorded on the buyer,s account, the final value fee will be credited back to you, and you can relist the item. close the case [link to flow 1270] it,s important to close out any unpaid item cases. if you don,t close an unpaid item case within 36 days, we,ll close it for you, but you won,t be eligible for a final value fee credit. using unpaid item assistant if you enable unpaid item assistant on your seller account, it automatically opens and closes unpaid item cases when a buyer doesn,t pay. it can save time and ensure you don,t miss a final value fee credit if you forget to close a case. you can use unpaid item assistant if: you use ebay checkout buyers pay using paypal or a credit card when you opt in to unpaid item assistant you can set up your preferences for receiving notifications and for automatic relisting items after a case has closed without payment. you also have the option to exclude certain buyers from having unpaid item cases automatically created. enable unpaid item assistant tip we recommend waiting to send your item until you,ve received payment from your buyer.
