returning an item
help1134||4041||returning an item|| need selling help? read our article on handling return requests if the item you received doesn,t match the description in the original listing, or if it arrived faulty or damaged, you,re covered under the ebay money back guarantee [link to 1714 embg]. you can return it even if the seller,s returns policy says they don,t accept returns. if you no longer want an item, check the seller,s return policy in the listing to see if they offer returns, how long you have to request a return and any other conditions. starting a return request here,s how to open a return request: find the item in your purchase history and select return this item . select your reason for the return. if the item arrived damaged, broken, or faulty, you have the option of adding up to 10 pictures showing any scratches or defects. select send . the seller has 3 business days to get back to you. how they,ll respond depends on the reason for your return. you received the wrong item, or it arrived faulty or damaged here,s how the seller may respond: accept your return request and offer a full refund -you,ll return the item and the seller issues you a full refund, including the original postage cost. the seller will also pay for return postage. [link to 2006 return postage and tracking info] issue a full refund and let you keep the item - this typically happens with low-cost items where the return postage would cost more than the item. offer you a partial refund and let you keep the item - this can be a good compromise when you,re not completely satisfied with your purchase &ndash; for example, if it arrived with a minor scratch &ndash; but you,re happy to keep it. send you a message - the seller may ask you for some more details about your return request. when the seller replies, we,ll send you an email with details of the next steps. if you can,t come to an agreement with the seller within 3 business days, we,re always ready to step in and help [link to ask ebay to step in section below]. returning the item for a full refund when a seller accepts your return request, you,ll receive an email to your messages with the subject ,send the item back,. here,s what to do: in the email, select view return details to see the seller,s return address. you,ll either be able to print a return postage label or the seller will have explained how they,ll be covering the return postage cost. carefully repack the item, making sure you,re returning it in the same condition as you received it. if you received a return label, print it and tape it to the package. post the item back to the seller within 5 business days. if you used tracked postage, add the tracking information [link to 2006 return postage and tracking info] to the return request so the seller knows the item is on its way. once they receive the package, the seller has 6 business days to issue your refund. when they do, you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a full refund,. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days for a paypal refund to go through. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days, depending on your card provider. returning a click &amp; collect item if you collected the item from the retailer, you,ll need to take it back to the store along with your purchase confirmation. check the seller,s return policy for specific instructions. if your item was sent to a collection point at a woolworths store, you,ll need to post it back to the seller. simply follow the instructions above for starting a return request. keeping the item and getting a full refund the seller has 6 business days to issue your refund. when they do, you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a full refund,. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days for a paypal refund to go through. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days, depending on your card provider. the seller offers a partial refund if the problem was a minor defect such as a small scratch or blemish, the seller may offer you a partial refund while you keep the item. you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a partial refund offer, and it will have the amount the seller,s offering and the date by which you need to respond. select see request details to respond to the seller. you can then choose either accept refund or decline refund . if you decline, we,ll ask the seller to either accept the return request or offer you a full refund. if you can,t come to an agreement with the seller after 3 business days, you can ask us to step in. if you accept the seller,s offer, the seller has 6 business days to issue the refund. when they do, you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a partial refund,. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days for a paypal refund to go through. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days, depending on your card provider. you changed your mind about an item here,s how the seller may respond: accept your return request and offer a full refund - you,ll return the item and the seller issues you a full refund, including the original postage cost. usually the buyer is responsible for return postage costs [link to 2006 return postage] in these cases. however, check the seller,s return policy in the listing to see if they will cover it. issue a full refund and let you keep the item - this typically happens with low-cost items where the return postage would cost more than the item. offer you a partial refund and let you keep the item - this can be a good compromise when the seller doesn,t accept returns, but wants to offer you a gesture of goodwill &ndash; say if you ordered the wrong thing by accident. decline your return request - sellers can only decline your return request if you changed your mind about an item and they stated in the listing that they don,t accept returns, or if you missed the seller,s deadline to start a return. send you a message - the seller may ask you for some more details about your return request. when the seller replies, we,ll send you an email with details of the next steps. returning a click &amp; collect item if you collected the item from the retailer, you,ll need to take it back to the store along with your purchase confirmation. check the seller,s return policy for specific instructions. if your item was sent to a collection point at a woolworths store, you,ll need to post it back to the seller. simply follow the instructions above for starting a return request. keeping the item and getting a full refund the seller has 6 business days to issue your refund. when they do, you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a full refund,. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days for a paypal refund to go through. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days, depending on your card provider. the seller offers a partial refund you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a partial refund offer, and it will have the amount the seller,s offering and the date by which you need to respond. select see request details to respond to the seller. you can choose either accept refund or decline refund. if you decline, we,ll ask the seller to either accept the return or offer you a full refund. if you can,t come to an agreement with the seller after 3 business days, you can ask ebay to step in. if you accept the seller,s offer, the seller has 6 business days to issue the refund. when they do, you,ll get an email with the subject ,you,ve received a partial refund,. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days for a paypal refund to go through. if you paid with a credit card, it may take up to 30 days, depending on your card provider. the seller declines your return request if the seller stated in the listing that they don,t accept returns, they,re not obliged to accept your return request. they,re also not obliged to accept your return if you made your request outside of the seller,s stated returns time-frame. you,ll receive an email stating that the seller has declined your return request. asking ebay to step in if you can,t come to an agreement with your seller after 3 business days, we,re always ready to help. simply find the item in your purchase history and choose see return details , and then ask ebay to step in . we,ll review the details of the situation &ndash; we call this a case &ndash; and get back to you within 48 hours. if you don,t agree with our decision, you can always appeal by providing new information within 30 days of the case being closed. [link to xxxx - appeal a decision - buyer].
